Demand on your CARE : Caregiver Stress
Setting Boundaries that Every Caregiver Must Learn
People always tell caregivers ‘Must take care of yourself’
but it’s impossible to take care of yourself if you don’t set the boundaries.
Setting boundaries is a useful way to balance your needs with the needs of care recipient,
to set personal limits and to say ‘NO’ to requests that push those limits.
Why some caregivers are reluctant to set boundaries?
Fear that others will not like you,
fear that others will be angry,
often want to be a "good person",
and be afraid of scandal.
Forgetting that some responsibilities should be borne by others.
Self-assured.
Seek appreciation to affirm oneself.
Always have a mentality of giving back.
Fear of losing the relationship.
Does not want to face conflict.
How to set the boundaries?
Understand that everyone has their own responsibilities and you are not alone.
Don't think of yourself as "Superman".
Understand your personal limits.
Sometimes you need to admit your incompetence and need to ask for help.
Understand that not being controlled by others does not mean being unloving,
and indulgence of others is not good for them.
Everyone should have the right to personal space and respect each other.
Establish boundaries and learn to say "no" to the care recipient who has over control.
Boundaries are not permanent, adjust in due course to the circumstances.
Specific method
Remove 'should' frames.
Don't need to be perfect in everything,
set reasonable expectations.
Strengthen communication with family members and openly express your needs.
Learn to let go. Build a support network with other family members and seek their help.
Set life boundaries,
e.g. seek help from family members to shop twice a week,
make good use of community support.
Set habit boundaries, such as going out for tea with friends once a week,
or participating in activities at a community center every day.
Set time boundaries, formulate schedules,
regularly carry out daily life and handling affairs,
and set work and rest times.
Seek professional assistance if necessary.
Setting boundaries can help you to care yourself and avoid burnout.
Take your action now!